[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/co-scans/compliance-operator-advanced.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> The Compliance Operator includes options for advanced users for the purpose of debugging or integration with existing tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
As an advanced user, you can use options in the Compliance Operator for the purpose of debugging or integrating with existing tooling.
```
